This is an update to Task #63 — Norovia Landing Page.
Before writing or finalising any copy, apply these tone rules. They are non-negotiable and override the copy in the original brief where there is a conflict.
Tone rules (from Voice & Brand Reference Card V3):
Internal test — if it sounds like Instagram wellness, reject it. If it sounds like a system, keep it.
Approved words to use: steady, reserve, capacity, adjust, respond, pace, signal, pattern, state, understand.
Banned words — never use: optimize, hustle, fix, heal, unlock, push through, take control of your life, productivity. Note: "control" as positioning is fine. The phrase "take control of your life" is what is banned.
Landing page voice rule: Sell control, not relief. Speak to capable people whose bodies are inconsistent. No transformation language. No hype. Calm, direct.
Sentence rules — always:

Short to medium length only
No exclamation marks anywhere in the UI
No emojis in copy
No dramatic pauses or poetic abstraction
Never imply treatment, fixing, or certainty
Use probabilistic language where outcome is uncertain — use: may, might, suggest, can
Target feeling: "This gets it."


Replace the entire src/copy.ts with this exact content:
tsexport const copy = {
  hero: {
    headline: "Understand your body state before the day runs ahead of you.",
    subheadline: "Norovia turns a quick daily check-in into a simple Today State, so you can pace, plan, and respond with more clarity.",
    cta: "Join the beta waitlist",
    supporting: "For people navigating fluctuating energy, dizziness, palpitations, brain fog, and low-reserve days.",
  },
  problem: {
    title: "When your capacity changes day to day, planning gets harder.",
    body: "Some days your energy looks fine on paper, but your body signals otherwise. Norovia helps you notice the pattern earlier and adjust before you overcommit.",
  },
  features: [
    {
      title: "Daily check-in",
      body: "Log energy, symptoms, sleep, hydration, and optional vitals. Takes under a minute.",
    },
    {
      title: "Today State",
      body: "See whether today is steady, mindful, take-it-easy, or flare-mode based on your inputs.",
    },
    {
      title: "Daily plan",
      body: "Get simple pacing suggestions for moving through the day based on your current state.",
    },
  ],
  flareMode: {
    title: "Some days need a different approach.",
    body: "When inputs suggest higher strain, Flare Mode surfaces one priority: stabilize first, reduce demands, and understand when to seek urgent support.",
    safety: "If symptoms feel severe, unusual, or concerning, seek medical care or call emergency services.",
  },
  waitlist: {
    title: "Help shape Norovia.",
    body: "We're inviting early users to test the first version and share what feels useful, unclear, or missing.",
    placeholder: "Email address",
    button: "Request beta access",
    smallText: "No spam. Beta updates and early access only.",
    confirmation: "Thank you — you're on the list.",
  },
  footer: {
    disclaimer: "Norovia is not medical care and does not diagnose, treat, or replace professional medical advice. If you are experiencing severe or concerning symptoms, contact a clinician or emergency services.",
  },
};
What changed and why:

Hero supporting text: removed "Built for people" (transformation framing) → replaced with neutral "For people navigating…"
Problem title: replaced "symptoms fluctuate" with "capacity changes day to day" — uses approved word "capacity"
Problem body: replaced "overextend" with "overcommit" — less dramatic, same meaning
Features card 3: removed "without pushing blindly" — that is Instagram wellness language; replaced with "based on your current state" — system language
Flare Mode title: removed "For the days that are different." — poetic abstraction — replaced with "Some days need a different approach." — direct, system tone
Flare Mode body: added "inputs suggest" for probabilistic framing; "understand when to seek" rather than "know when to seek" — more measured
Waitlist small text: removed the word "Just" which softens in a wellness-y way; kept it clean and direct
Confirmation: added period — matches short-sentence rule

Everything else in the implementation from the original Task #63 prompt stays the same. Only src/copy.ts content changes.