Update artifacts/landing/src/copy.ts only. Do not change any other file.
Here are the issues found by reading the actual app code, and the corrected copy to replace the entire file with.
Issues found:

Features card 1 says "optional vitals" — there are no vitals in the app. track.tsx logs energy, dizziness, palpitations, salt, compression, movement, and water only. Remove "vitals."
Flare Mode body still sounds medically directive. "stabilize, reduce demands, and know when to seek urgent support" frames the app as a clinical triage tool. Rewrite to describe the feature's purpose from the user's perspective — what they chose to do, not what the app tells them to do medically.
The safety line in Flare Mode is acceptable as-is legally, but should use softer framing consistent with the tone card (probabilistic, not prescriptive).

Legal review of current copy:
These phrases pass: the footer disclaimer is solid and clear. "Norovia is not medical care and does not diagnose, treat, or replace professional medical advice" — keep exactly as-is.
These phrases have risk and must be removed or reframed:

"know when to seek urgent support" — implies the app can tell you when. It cannot. Remove.
Any future addition of specific symptoms (chest pain, shortness of breath, etc.) to the landing page would cross into clinical language. Do not add symptom lists to the landing page.

Replace the full content of artifacts/landing/src/copy.ts with this:
tsexport const copy = {
  hero: {
    headline: "Understand your body state before the day runs ahead of you.",
    subheadline:
      "Norovia turns a quick daily check-in into a simple Today State, so you can pace, plan, and respond with more clarity.",
    cta: "Join the beta waitlist",
    supporting:
      "For people navigating fluctuating energy, dizziness, palpitations, brain fog, and low-reserve days.",
  },
  problem: {
    title: "When your capacity changes day to day, planning gets harder.",
    body: "Some days your energy looks fine on paper, but your body signals otherwise. Norovia helps you notice the pattern earlier and adjust before you overcommit.",
  },
  features: [
    {
      title: "Daily check-in",
      body: "Log energy, symptoms, sleep, hydration, and daily habits in under a minute.",
    },
    {
      title: "Today State",
      body: "See whether today is steady, mindful, or take-it-easy based on your inputs.",
    },
    {
      title: "Daily plan",
      body: "Get simple pacing suggestions based on your current state.",
    },
  ],
  flareMode: {
    title: "Some days call for a different mode.",
    body: "Flare Mode is something you activate. When you do, the app clears the noise and focuses on one thing: steadying the day. You decide when you need it.",
    safety:
      "Norovia is not a medical tool. If something feels urgent or serious, contact a clinician or call emergency services.",
  },
  waitlist: {
    title: "Help shape Norovia.",
    body: "We're inviting early users to test the first version and share what feels useful, unclear, or missing.",
    placeholder: "Email address",
    button: "Request beta access",
    smallText: "No spam. Beta updates and early access only.",
    confirmation: "Thank you — you're on the list.",
    validationError: "Please enter a valid email address.",
  },
  footer: {
    disclaimer:
      "Norovia is not medical care and does not diagnose, treat, or replace professional medical advice. If you are experiencing severe or concerning symptoms, contact a clinician or emergency services.",
  },
};
What changed and why:

Features card 1: "optional vitals" → "daily habits" — matches what the app actually tracks (salt, compression, movement)
Flare Mode title: "Some days need a different approach" → "Some days call for a different mode" — removes the implicit medical framing, uses "mode" which is the product's own language
Flare Mode body: completely rewritten — removes "stabilize, reduce demands, and know when to seek urgent support" (all three imply clinical guidance); replaces with what the feature actually does from the user's perspective: they activate it, it clears noise, it steadies the day
Flare Mode safety line: rewritten to open with "Norovia is not a medical tool" — this front-loads the legal position instead of burying it; "If something feels urgent or serious" replaces the old version's more clinical phrasing; removes pressure language
Footer: unchanged — it is already legally sound

No layout, component, or structural changes needed. Only copy.ts changes.